imagine being hunted by this group of
mercenaries oh and your life is stuck on
repeat as the film opens we meet our
butt caking protagonist
roy now you might be asking yourself how
is this guy such a freaking ninja
well turns out he's actually living his
life on a loop that's right
every morning he's got to deal with not
only this jerk but also a helicopter
armed with a minigun
you guys ever seen those call of duty
knife trick shots
there we go amidst all this chaos what
is this man thinking about
i'm never ever getting my security
deposit back roy takes a moment to
examine a photo of his ex
gemma before hopping out a window and
landing on a truck however he's sure to
remind us all of all the times he missed
that jump
he then carjacks some goofball and
speeds off while two mercenaries make
chase
oh and then this happens we're treated
to a little montage of roy's various
deaths
turns out someone wants him dead and he
has no idea why the same goes for the
whole time loop thing
as a result he's got to deal with this
ragtag group of wacky mercenaries
here's a few of them you've got an
explosives loving dwarf whom roy
affectionately calls kaboom
guan yin a sword lady who announces her
name every single time she kills him and
roy number two
his look-alike damn imagine getting iced
by your doppelganger
believing gemma to have the answer to
this conundrum roy calls her
but her sinister boss venter picks up
instead the pair talk while venter looks
over a strange looking device
i bet it's a time machine he proceeds to
inform roy that gemma died following an
accident last night in other words some
time before his loop started
to add insult to injury these twins pull
up and blow him up
we cut to roy's latest life where once
again he's in a high speed chase with
the ladies
they whip out the big guns and start
fragging him on the road he manages to
evade the shots and eventually gets the
better of them in a warehouse
giving them a taste of their own
medicine afterwards roy visits his
favorite noodle cafe
of which he's a regular patron the
waiter jake notices that roy's a little
worse for wear
i just woke up i can relate roy orders a
bottle of booze and throws it back
he's then greeted by dave a dorky
security guy to roy's dismay he proceeds
to ramble about national security
something tells me that that gets older
after a few lives all of a sudden
a famous chinese sword fighter dai fang
enters the cafe
spoiler that comes in handy later roy
continues to guzzle down the boost in
preparation for what he knows comes next
12 47 pm a point in time that he's not
been able to get past
the entire squad pulls up takes aim and
roy has no choice but to do his best
impression of swiss cheese
we travel back in time to yesterday
which from roy's perspective was several
months ago
he visits his ex in her workplace turns
out the place is hiring and he's there
to drop off his resume for a security
job
while there they talk about their son
joe roy wants to be more present in his
life
so we asked gemma when she's gonna tell
him that he's his dad meanwhile
the conversation is being monitored by
the boss man and his security chief
brett what a chunky boy brett enters the
room before snagging roy's resume and
taking note of his history in the
special forces
he also shares the roy that they're in
fact not hiring brett returns to a now
suspicious and paranoid vendor
back in the lab roy asked about the
hiring situation and it turns out
they're not hiring she is why don't i
start
sooner than you think gemma randomly
snips off some of roy's hair
her demeanor has become rather frantic
she asked him if he received the
birthday present she sent
and then leans in and tells him to
remember the word osiris three guards
walk in
brett takes gemma to venter and the
other two it's right in rage
escort roy out upon meeting with venter
gem is forced to sit through an
extremely long-winded and cringy war
story
that ends with venture vividly
describing the time he watches snakes
strangle wild boar to protect its eggs
all the meanwhile this absolute unit is
staring her down the story was basically
just a creative way to threaten her
he reminds her in plain english that
this work is top secret and that she
can't be having any ex-lovers around
later at about 3am we hang out in a bar
with roy he's quite the ladies man
having already snagged himself a catch
alice to talk about their professions a
bit she's a dentist
and as we know roy with special forces
you know they like that
alice heads to the bathroom and the cue
bartender tells him to take the girl
home
she teases him about the fact he's never
managed to score her but then shares why
we'd had fun rory but we'd never be in
love
she can see it in his eyes he's already
in love right on cue
gemma calls while preparing roy's sample
of hair she tells him that she needs his
help and cryptically commands him to do
what he does best
gemma runs to the machine while vendor
and brett listen and watch
find her what do you mean we have to
fight her you have cameras everywhere
back to roy he ends up taking alice home
and then the loop begins
in his current life he remembers to
check gemma's present hmm
okay that's not helpful okay let's try
that again
nice we're out of the apartment and back
in this chase oh no roy
don't read and drive look what you've
done he's in my way
okay let's run that back again shall we
why not this is something new this time
i wonder what that does well that's fun
but why misses his exit
the last time he missed his exit this
happened as roy sits back and enjoys a
sandwich
he's skewered in the chest by smiley a
deranged but creative killer
back to the present roy decides to stop
by an underground arcade to get a moment
to relax and go over gemma's present
we learned that his set was the wife of
the egyptian leader osiris
she was a loving mother and also skilled
in the spells of the afterlife
at the end of the book reads a message
time waits for no man
thanks gemma this totally helps suddenly
roy spots his son
joe what a coincidence he buys something
and roy tails after him
turns out he skipped class to join this
old school video game tournament and as
far as what he bought it's just some
collectible cards about wacky
mercenaries
wow i'm sure roy can relate to that
wanting to spend some time with his son
roy decides the pair should head out for
pizza as he passes by the tvs
static appears outside roy prepares to
reveal to joe that he's his father
but notices a clock that reached 12 50
that's three minutes past the longest
he's ever lived
suddenly the squad pulls up prompting
joe to realize that the extra time
was due to being underground that means
they must be tracking him
as the gang prepares the fire roy
shields his son
with his dying breath he reveals that
he's his dad beared within an expression
of fear
joe's eyes offer a glimpse of love for
his father upon starting his next life
roy is filled with a sense of urgency he
asks his morning companion where the
tracking device is
well that does sound like a good place
to start roy heads to the cafe and makes
a beeline towards the bathroom
he digs deep but doesn't find it a
frustrated roy makes his way out before
overhearing dave on another one of his
security spiels
oh yeah we should ask that guy where
would you put it dave
a dave special ideally a muller
he answers suddenly a repressed memory
resurfaces
showing dave being put to sleep by alice
the dentist roy asks dave if he can
verify
he can however not while the tooth is
still inside oh boy
roy asked jake for a ball of booze and a
pair of pliers
dave can do nothing more but watch as
the crazy man before him yanks out his
own molar
roy presents it to him but no dice one
down
12 to go roy pulls out the next one
unfortunately it's the one
to dave shock there's indeed something
abnormal about that tooth
roy cracks it open revealing the tracker
complete with a blinking led
armed with his revelation roy uses the
tracker to bait his attackers and even
gets much deserved revenge on smiley
one by one he rounds them up and makes
them go boom
brett calls in on one of their phones
and roy picks up the two engage in
verbal warfare before brett tells him to
come and get some roy does just that and
decides to go when guns blazing
okay this plan could use some work there
we go
guards around the vehicle blasting away
but roy isn't actually inside
though what is inside is sure to be a
pleasant surprise roy spots roy number
two
and dispatches him nice fit though for
some reason his security badge doesn't
work
okay let's try that again so far so good
damn
hit the redo button that was weird
indeed it was
well this is awkward now we're talking
let's go
now just for this sword lady no problem
roy has a gun
roy desperately runs away before getting
turned into a shish kabob
aside from attempt number 15 roy
explains that getting stabbed by a sword
is infinitely more painful than getting
shot we proceed with a short montage
where roy comes in with progressively
more and more firepower
nonetheless it's no match for guan yin's
sword skills after every kill she
repeats her same stupid
and guanyin has phrase this don't worry
i'll spare you from having to hear that
six more times
during one of his speed runs roy is kept
alive and interrogated by venter
he commenced him for his impressive
skills then gives us a much needed plot
exposition
he reveals that the device is called the
osiris spindle and it has the ability to
rewrite history
now roy knows a few things the loop was
created by the osiris spindle
gemma must have put him in it and vendor
has no idea later on roy reads gemma's
present again
he learns that his set resurrected
osiris and he became lord of the dead
sounds a lot like roy
knowing that gemma believed in him and
set him on this path gives him a renewed
sense of determination
that's all good but there's still the
obstacle of guan yin though if you
recall
we already have the solution to that in
roy's next life he heads to the cafe
and speaks to dai [ __ ] she agrees to
teach him but she only has one day
before she has to return to shanghai
little does she know roy is an
exceptionally quick learner another
little montage flies past us as roy
slowly but surely gets the head of this
slicy dicey business
as the lives repeat he goes from telling
her that he's a complete newbie
to someone that's had a great teacher
but needs to learn a little bit more i
can only imagine how she felt by the end
when from her perspective
this was their first lesson together roy
returns to face guan yin
he confidently puts out his guns and
picks out one of the swords that adorns
the wall
she can't believe her eyes does he
really intend to go head to head with
her
well little does she know he's now a
level 99 swordsman
the battle commences and roy quickly
gains the upper hand he toys with his
prey
the way a cat would with a mouse guanyin
becomes more and more frustrated by the
second
and eventually it leads to a downfall i
am roy and roy has done this
suddenly brett inventor appear though
bread is quickly dispatched
having been turned into a unicorn oh
it's not so bad he's still standing
just walk it off brad fenter is next the
pair engage in a bout of fisticuffs with
fenter proving to be more skilled than
expected
he reaches for a gun leroy gets to him
just in time fenton realizes roy must be
in the spindle for this to be possible
he informs him that the reaction can
only be kept up for so long and that
eventually the world will end
well that's no problem roy is about to
wrap things up and save the day
well then who's saving him oh no joe
royce speeds off to the arcade and finds
it surrounded by cops
he storms past them and finds that his
son has met his end
as he is consumed by grief the world is
too consumed by the collapse of the
spindle reaction
feeling at wit's end royce surmises that
the world might as well end too
though that's not the case he's still
stuck in the loop but has lost all
motivation
as the days go by he allows himself to
perish over and over
though eventually he gets fed up he
instead decides to visit his son every
day
he wasted a lot of years not being in
his life so now's the chance to make up
for it
i wish i had a dad like that he pretends
to be a gamer just like his son
and says he's there for the tournament
too they play a bunch of the arcade
games and eventually joe becomes good
enough to call himself a true gamer
the day always ends the same roy
embraces joe as the world ends
though one day things end up slightly
different joe mentions that his mother
called him this morning
telling him to seek out roy if he was in
any trouble wait a second
this morning roy checks joe's phone
confirming it to be true
that means gemma was still alive
sometime after he woke up
he still has a chance to save her in his
next run right quickly runs into and
dispatches venter and brett
upon further investigation he finds a
camera feed showing her death
it happened about 15 minutes after he
woke up let's get after it
roy awakens once more and has the
brightest of ideas let's jump onto the
helicopter
somehow he manages it he kicks out the
gunner then instructs the pawn to head
back to the base
upon entering the gang that's been
terrorizing him for the entire movie
gets a little surprise
that's right a minigun plus wallhacks
roy storms up the facility showing off
his aimbot and parkour skills along
the way just in the nick of time roy
enters the save gemma
[Music]
then takes out venter at last roy has
been in the final boss
and all the side missions he reunites
with gemma and they share a little
moment before
roy enters the spindle theoretically
this should set time back to normal
but we never get to find out the movie
ends damn roy i hope things worked out
for you
would you mind telling the viewers to
subscribe please